Build a Debian package around the static binary (#2513)
tenzir/vast: web/docs/setup-vast/install/linux.md

## Distribution Support

### Debian

We provide [pre-built packages](/docs/setup-vast/download#debian) for Debian

> and Debian derived distributions. After downloading, you can install VAST with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and Debian-derived distributions. After downloading, install VAST using `dpkg`:
```

```bash
dpkg -i vast-${version}_amd64.deb
```

> The debian package will automatically create a `vast` system user and install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Debian package automatically creates a `vast` system user and installs
```
